{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <?php\
/**\
 * The base configuration for WordPress\
 *\
 * The wp-config.php creation script uses this file during the\
 * installation. You don't have to use the web site, you can\
 * copy this file to "wp-config.php" and fill in the values.\
 *\
 * This file contains the following configurations:\
 *\
 * * MySQL settings\
 * * Secret keys\
 * * Database table prefix\
 * * ABSPATH\
 *\
 * @link https://codex.wordpress.org/Editing_wp-config.php\
 *\
 * @package WordPress\
 */\
\
// ** MySQL settings - You can get this info from your web host ** //\
/** The name of the database for WordPress */\
define( 'DB_NAME', 'wordpress' );\
\
/** MySQL database username */\
define( 'DB_USER', 'root' );\
\
/** MySQL database password */\
define( 'DB_PASSWORD', '' );\
\
/** MySQL hostname */\
define( 'DB_HOST', 'localhost' );\
\
/** Database Charset to use in creating database tables. */\
define( 'DB_CHARSET', 'utf8mb4' );\
\
/** The Database Collate type. Don't change this if in doubt. */\
define( 'DB_COLLATE', '' );\
\
/**#@+\
 * Authentication Unique Keys and Salts.\
 *\
 * Change these to different unique phrases!\
 * You can generate these using the \{@link https://api.wordpress.org/secret-key/1.1/salt/ WordPress.org secret-key service\}\
 * You can change these at any point in time to invalidate all existing cookies. This will force all users to have to log in again.\
 *\
 * @since 2.6.0\
 */\
define( 'AUTH_KEY',         '0qvmoJ_f1z+t)b%*:CDFYG\}=H^^>JZo+x2Wjc!$dDZn=S&O5)*MWQX[mUEOCxT7I' );\
define( 'SECURE_AUTH_KEY',  'i!QCHxs~ss`2R^:|u|[Y6/>iix]t?d~nGOu.)X2K KZC`prG+ihr]?I\}.k1q/7fu' );\
define( 'LOGGED_IN_KEY',    '`OsZD`1oUZ?j8$Oy\}.tD@V<+U1G2Z]=v6q)5@2ZB?5`j-cDh28KDJoog!Z$F#Br\}' );\
define( 'NONCE_KEY',        '>Y!!B),s\{D4?1om$xK`Zp&W3oRuXswh9_D*.EDe<r145C;=3l|A\{\}T1]lb(;kf<G' );\
define( 'AUTH_SALT',        'J(:BU^DH;\}TGs+5fuwe9!.4]F=aj~xX$|&X??Gm~q`0z.s]<48oB5!]q)8)V<Y%g' );\
define( 'SECURE_AUTH_SALT', 'VP/~bhnX]>k8Mtwb yIeZNv,mbUc7=Vz@_OP`EYg>qoN$zs7t8&j(h:C7\{v<cVt0' );\
define( 'LOGGED_IN_SALT',   'quDkd2AT2@J/\}^14P0xT0Oj!xqGc6%E29TcIq!f%+w0UgU=I\{lQ#9/DI--<VG:$$' );\
define( 'NONCE_SALT',       '>/g?FGbKB9AMf:hydRYs*vJa6Hzz?:I8.$<o?De^B7S`Fj,dQJs*./?vuRcMPePR' );\
\
/**#@-*/\
\
/**\
 * WordPress Database Table prefix.\
 *\
 * You can have multiple installations in one database if you give each\
 * a unique prefix. Only numbers, letters, and underscores please!\
 */\
$table_prefix = 'wp_';\
\
/**\
 * For developers: WordPress debugging mode.\
 *\
 * Change this to true to enable the display of notices during development.\
 * It is strongly recommended that plugin and theme developers use WP_DEBUG\
 * in their development environments.\
 *\
 * For information on other constants that can be used for debugging,\
 * visit the Codex.\
 *\
 * @link https://codex.wordpress.org/Debugging_in_WordPress\
 */\
define( 'WP_DEBUG', false );\
\
/* That's all, stop editing! Happy publishing. */\
\
/** Absolute path to the WordPress directory. */\
if ( ! defined( 'ABSPATH' ) ) \{\
	define( 'ABSPATH', dirname( __FILE__ ) . '/' );\
\}\
\
/** Sets up WordPress vars and included files. */\
require_once( ABSPATH . 'wp-settings.php' );\
}